Add result builder (#759)
megaease/easegress: doc/reference/filters.md

HeaderLookup has no results.

## ResultBuilder

ResultBuilder generates a string, which will be the result of the filter. This

> filter is exist to work with the [`jumpIf` mechanism](./controllers.md#pipeline)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filter exists to work with the [`jumpIf` mechanism](./controllers.md#pipeline)
```
